>> Brian Holt: So one thing here that
we're adding to our final destination
container is NPM.
>> Brian Holt: Does your
app need NPM to run?
>> Brian Holt: Most of the time not,
right?
You might have an NPM run statement,
but I mean, at the end of the day,
that's honestly just a command, right?
So you don't need NPM,
generally speaking, to run.
So let's go ahead and cut that stuff out.
So I'm gonna just start collapsing
these down a little bit.
>> Brian Holt: The spacing here is It's
totally arbitrary in case you're not
catching on to that.
I'm gonna say,
from node 20 as node-builder.
You can call this whatever you want.
This is just like a temporary
variable name, basically.
And I'm gonna say, workder/builds.
This is where I'm actually
gonna go build project.
I'm gonna take this guy, which one?
This one.
That one right there.
I'm gonna move that up there.
And I'm gonna move this mpm ci up here.
And then move this one up here, and
I also don't need these chown
because it does not matter.
>> Brian Holt: This node-builder,
which, notice this is Debian, right?
All this is going to be used for
is to build.
It's not gonna be used for anything else,
we're gonna use it to spin up a container,
do a bunch of stuff in it, grab all the
stuff out of it and throw it away, okay?
So we'll even put a little note there,
this is the build step, and
this is the production step.
Thanks, Google.
Okay, so I now have this, and
I have this container where I've
built everything that I want.
We're have to run the add Node.js but
notice we're not going to add NPM
anymore cuz we don't need it,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're gonna add the run group,
we still need that.
We still need the user node.
We are going to,
>> Brian Holt: Work dir.
That's fine.
I have here that we can run mkdir.
I don't think we necessarily
need to do this.
Home node code, but
we'll go ahead and do that.
And workdir, and
then we just have to copy.
And you're gonna say
from stage node-builder.
And then we're gonna
say --chown=node:node,
and we're gonna say /build dot.
I don't need two equals there, just ones.
So what's new here is you see this
from step, which basically refers,
notice this is called node-builder and
as this is called node-builder up here.
So you're saying from this previous stage
of my build process, copy from the build
directory into here, wherever here is,
and here is going to be node code, right?
So what did we accomplish here?
Really, we only cut out NPM, I don't
think we did really anything else, right?
But let's see if it does anything.
>> Speaker 1: I think your build directory
needs to be either builder or build,
each step has a different.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, you're right.
Thank you, let's call this build.
Yeah, I had that wrong.
Line three, just make sure that whatever
you have on line three here matches what's
on line 15 here.
Good, catch.
>> Speaker 2: That directory
have to exist ahead of time?
>> Brian Holt: Is that why I did this?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, is that failing?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: So
you might need to do a run
mkdir build.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, okay.
So let's see how that plays out here.
So we're gonna call this 3.
>> Brian Holt: Lot more
steps happening here, right?
Still able to pull some
cash stuff here and there,
which is always just impressive to me.
I also love that it's
something I never think about.
They just handle all that
stuff behind the scenes.
That's my favorite kinda technology.
Okay, make sure that
we're still working here.
I love that this is like we have the most
simple node app in the world and
we're just over-engineering the hell
out of the Docker build process, but
I just like doing it.
Okay, so that all looks like it works.
Alpine 3, we cut a massive 9
megabytes off it for this.
So everyone take a victory lap,
get some champagne, I'm just kidding.
I do use multistage build steps a lot
because normally you're cutting out a lot
more than just NPM.
You're cutting out native dependencies.
You're cutting out a bunch of
stuff that you would never need.
You can, if you have stuff where
you have to our Bastion server and
then pull down a bunch of secrets.
You could do that in a build step so
that your production server doesn't have
the ability to connect to
other stuff like that.
There's a bunch of security and
vulnerability and stuff like that,
you can do in that first stage
that never has to make it
into your production container,
which is helpful.
>> Speaker 3: So we don't have to clean
up or do anything with the first step.
That's just just.
>> Brian Holt: Blown away.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
once this Docker build
container stuff finishes,
it freezes what's in the production step.
Whatever your last one is right?
It crystallizes that into
a container ships that off and
everything else gets thrown away.
Pretty cool, right?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: And we could go faster
if it was Node 20 alpine, right?
>> Brian Holt: For this?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe for
that first install.
>> Speaker 3: Or
is just the downloading part?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
cuz everything's cashed after that.
That's why I'm saying, you don't really
need to care because you pay the cost once
and then it's just cash forever.
I would not put this in as Alpine.
There's no reason to